Hello Everyone. It's a pleasure to meet with you all, and we sincerely appreciate this group of people coming together to help put this problem behind us.

As everyone here is already aware, we're currently having a softkey technical problem with our ADCB bank account that is keeping us from being able to transfer or transact. We have several support tickets open with them, and we're working with them ongoing to fix the problem... But there doesn't appear to be an immediate solution.

So, while we're waiting for their technical team to troubleshoot the problem, we've connected with Stallone from Alliance Street to assist us in opening up new accounts with Barclays so that we can run a business and meet our obligations.

Now Feo Gen is a previous partner of the company that needs to be removed so that we can open up the new accounts. Now she is uncontactable, so, it appears that this may need to happen with the authorization of the court system in Dubai.

Meanwhile, Stallone has explained that we can submit a letter to Barclays confirming that the shareholder revision is in process, and this will allow us to proceed with the creation of the new accounts.

Hannah, I've seen previous emails and messages with your pricing schedule of exactly what administrative actions you need to take to cleanly remove Feo Gen, and we agree to those fees.

Now some of those administrative actions that need to be taken include Visa Removal and other things that are not directly related to shareholder removal.

So, Since we are currently unable to access the majority of our funds to the tune of 12.5 Million USD in the ADCB bank, we would like to request if you can split our transaction in two.

Charge for the shareholder revision portion first, and issue the in-process letter to Barclays... Then we'll have our issue solved, and we commission the rest of the administrative actions from you like Visa Removal etc.

So that's my understanding of the situation, and also my best action plan for a solution and I look forward to hearing your thoughts on how to proceed.